[ASM] - Rapid 7 Nexpose update (#24407)
demisto/content: Packs/Rapid7_Nexpose/Integrations/Rapid7_Nexpose/README.md

| Endpoint.OS | string | Endpoint operating system. | 
| CVE.ID | string | Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures IDs. | 

`nexpose-get-asset-tags`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| asset_id | Asset ID. | Required |

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Nexpose.AssetTag.type | string | Type of asset tag. |

> | Nexpose.AssetTag.created_time | string | Timestamp with the tag was create. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Nexpose.AssetTag.created_time | string | Timestamp of when the tag was create. |
```
